Thank you.
Good morning.
return
Oh.
Yeah.
Very, very neat.
Good morning, everybody.
Good morning. Ready to get started.
Anyone got television on the background? Could you mute it?
That's Alexa.
Oh.
Alexa, be quiet.
Thank you.
All right.
All right, we're ready to get started.
I'm gonna ask um
I'm going to ask, Tyree, I see you on here. Would you open us up in prayer, please?
So,
Okay.
All mine's clear
Dear Heavenly Father, we humbly come in your presence this morning to exalt your name, give you all the honor,
All the praise and all the glory.
Lord God, we come asking you for forgiveness for our sins and our shortcomings. We're sorry about that, Lord, and we forgive.
Subscribe to
We may reunion our walk, our words, and our actions.
Well, God, we also thank you for, uh,
Hmm.
We're making sure that we're healthy and we're able to.
We're all going to this church school this morning, Lord God, and pray.
We just thank you for your provision and
Keeping us doing this week, Lord God.
We asked that
The words and the message spoken this morning, we apply it to our hearts and minds.
And not just be hearers, but be doers of your word. And all these things we ask in your son Jesus' name. Amen.
All right. Amen. Yeah.
Sister Judy, would you leave us in our scripture memorization?
Section for this morning
So there's really no difference in the way
We have done it in the past, so let's get our volunteers.
Ready
Um,
And five seems to be a number that we've been sticking with so
Who wants to be the first to volunteer?
And the same goes for sujoodie all right thank you tell me what what are you going to quote for this morning uh he's in the spirit 21 and hebrews uh on this one
This morning as we go.
Okay, so Tony's Ephesians and Hebrews.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Yes.
My next line is here.
Rashada Hebrews 10:25
Thank you.
Let's see who on there that's calling.
I'll be the third one i'll do um ephesians 3 21.
That's awesome.
This is Sister Colleen. I'll do Matthew 10, I'm sorry, Matthew 16.